c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\background.xnb
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\blue_invader.xnb
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bullet.xnb
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\enemy_ship.xnb
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\green_invader.xnb
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\red_invader.xnb
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\scanlines.xnb
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\shield.xnb
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ship.xnb
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\yellow_invader.xnb
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\XNAInvaders.exe
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\XNAInvaders.pdb
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\obj\x86\Debug\XNAInvaders.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\obj\x86\Debug\XNAInvaders.exe
c:\users\chaoxin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\obj\x86\Debug\XNAInvaders.pdb
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\background.xnb
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\blue_invader.xnb
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bullet.xnb
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\enemy_ship.xnb
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\green_invader.xnb
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\red_invader.xnb
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\scanlines.xnb
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\shield.xnb
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ship.xnb
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\yellow_invader.xnb
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\XNAInvaders.exe
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\XNAInvaders.pdb
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\obj\x86\Debug\XNAInvaders.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\obj\x86\Debug\XNAInvaders.exe
C:\Users\chaoxin\Desktop\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\XNAInvaders\obj\x86\Debug\XNAInvaders.pdb
